1. expense=falling-chart.png=mg/l
product=stock-chart-midground.png=mg/r
background=abstract_gears_background.jpg=bg/full
Overall_par_effect=sliding_split
2. year=tech_overlay_foreground.png=fg/c
background=city_background.jpg=bg/full
Overall_par_effect=dolly_zoom
3. Amazon=amazon_box_foreground.png=fg/c
successful=stock-chart-midground.png=mg/r
retailer=amazon_warehouse_midground.png=mg/c
background=bright_sky.jpg=bg/full
Overall_par_effect=scale
4. everyone=amazon_warehouse_midground.png=mg/c
sees=amazon_box_foreground.png=fg/c
background=bright_sky.jpg=bg/full
Overall_par_effect=blur
5. inside=blueprint_bg.jpg=bg/full
something=glowing-data.png=mg/c
Overall_par_effect=mask_reveal
6. headache=cracked_glass_overlay.png=fg/full
expense=falling-chart.png=mg/r
infrastructure=server-room.jpg=bg/full
Overall_par_effect=focus_pull
7. servers=server-racks-midground.png=mg/c
databases=data_overlay_foreground.png=fg/l
network=data_stream.png=fg/r
background=data_center_background.jpg=bg/full
Overall_par_effect=floating_objects
8. beast=fortress.png=mg/c
background=dark_clouds.jpg=bg/full
Overall_par_effect=dolly_zoom
9. complex=abstract_gears_background.jpg=bg/full
expensive=falling-chart.png=mg/c
Overall_par_effect=orbit
10. company=city-skyline-mid.png=mg/c
cost=falling-chart.png=fg/r
background=rainy-city.jpg=bg/full
Overall_par_effect=basic
11. cheaper=falling-chart.png=mg/l
efficient=gears-midground.png=mg/r
background=blueprint_bg.jpg=bg/full
Overall_par_effect=basic
12. opportunity=glowing_particles.png=fg/full
background=sunrise-field.jpg=bg/full
Overall_par_effect=mask_reveal
13. systems=server-racks-midground.png=mg/l
pay=stock-chart-midground.png=mg/r
background=data-center-background.jpg=bg/full
Overall_par_effect=sliding_split
14. launched=aws-logo.png=mg/c
AWS=aws-logo.png=mg/c
background=tech_city_background.jpg=bg/full
Overall_par_effect=scale
15. renting=data_stream_foreground.png=fg/full
computer=server-racks-midground.png=mg/l
power=glowing-data.png=mg/r
background=data_center_background.jpg=bg/full
Overall_par_effect=diagonal
16. power=city-skyline-mid.png=mg/l
computing=cloud_servers_midground.png=mg/r
background=sky-background.jpg=bg/full
Overall_par_effect=sliding_split
17. understood=sad-people.png=mg/c
background=dark_clouds.png=bg/full
confusion=rain_overlay.png=fg/full
Overall_par_effect=blur
18. bookstore=amazon_box_foreground.png=fg/l
server=server-racks-midground.png=mg/r
background=empty_city_street_background.jpg=bg/full
Overall_par_effect=focus_pull
19. sense=broken_gears.png=mg/c
background=dark_clouds.jpg=bg/full
Overall_par_effect=floating_objects
20. start=sunrise-field.jpg=bg/full
cloud=cloud_servers_midground.png=mg/c
revolution=tech_cityscape.jpg=mg/l
Overall_par_effect=vertical
21. industry=tech_cityscape.jpg=bg/full
born=resilient-plant.png=fg/c
expense=falling-chart.png=fg/l
Overall_par_effect=focus_pull
