1. Key=blueprint_bg.jpg=bg/full
lesson=fortress.png=fg/c
Overall_par_effect=focus_pull

2. reality=rainy-city.jpg=bg/full
vision=sunrise-field.jpg=bg/full
term=winding-path.jpg=fg/c
Overall_par_effect=sliding_split

3. year=city_background.jpg=bg/full
1999=tech_cityscape.jpg=mg/c
Overall_par_effect=basic

4. world=city-skyline-mid.png=bg/full
bubble=glowing_particles.png=fg/c
Overall_par_effect=floating_objects

5. Everyone=sad-people.png=fg/c
genius=abstract_gears_background.jpg=bg/full
Overall_par_effect=blur

6. Stocks=stock-chart-midground.png=mg/c
up=bright_sky.jpg=bg/full
Overall_par_effect=vertical

7. Amazon=amazon_box_foreground.png=fg/c
internet=tech_cityscape.jpg=bg/full
economy=glowing-data.png=md/c
Overall_par_effect=scale

8. books=amazon_warehouse_midground.png=bg/full
online=data_stream.png=fg/c
Overall_par_effect=basic

9. Jeff=sad-people.png=fg/c
Wall_Street=empty_city_street_background.jpg=bg/full
hear=soundwaves_overlay.png=fg/c
Overall_par_effect=mask_reveal

10. lose=falling-chart.png=fg/c
money=cracked_glass_overlay.png=md/c
Overall_par_effect=dolly_zoom

11. spend=gears-foreground.png=fg/c
dollar=tech_overlay_foreground.png=md/c
more=data_stream_foreground.png=fg/r
Overall_par_effect=orbit

12. not=broken_gears.png=fg/c
bookstore=amazon_warehouse_midground.png=bg/full
Overall_par_effect=diagonal

13. everything=amazon_warehouse_midground.png=bg/full
store=delivery_drone_foreground.png=fg/c
Overall_par_effect=scale

14. letter=blueprint_bg.jpg=bg/full
long_term=winding-path.jpg=md/c
Overall_par_effect=focus_pull

15. 1999=city_background.jpg=bg/full
market=stock-chart-midground.png=md/c
loved=bright_sky.jpg=bg/full
Overall_par_effect=basic

16. Amazon=amazon_box_foreground.png=fg/c
stocks=stock-chart-midground.png=md/c
soared=sky-background.jpg=bg/full
Overall_par_effect=vertical

17. company=data-center-background.jpg=bg/full
profitable=falling-chart.png=fg/c
Overall_par_effect=blur

18. close=cracked_glass_overlay.png=fg/c
Overall_par_effect=mask_reveal

19. promise=blueprint_bg.jpg=bg/full
Overall_par_effect=basic

20. bet=phoenix_from_ashes.png=fg/c
future=mountains-far.png=bg/full
Overall_par_effect=focus_pull

21. people=sad-people.png=fg/c
books=amazon_warehouse_midground.png=bg/full
loss=falling-chart.png=md/c
Overall_par_effect=dolly_zoom

22. Bezos=aws-logo.png=fg/c
logistics=delivery_drone_foreground.png=fg/r
data=data_center_background.jpg=bg/full
empire=fortress.png=md/c
Overall_par_effect=orbit

23. vision=data_center_background.jpg=bg/full
big=tech_city_background.jpg=bg/full
insanity=biohazard_symbol_overlay.png=fg/c
Overall_par_effect=scale
